{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12100\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Please make logo slightly bigger. \
{\listtext	2.	}Remove and congratulations\'85\
{\listtext	3.	}Replace intro text (when a women\'85) with this: Seeking information and support in the transition to parenthood is a critical step in ensuring your health and wellbeing \'96 and that of your baby\'92s \'96 throughout this life-changing journey, in pregnancy, birth and beyond.\
{\listtext	4.	}She wonders what purpose of down arrow is because it is not clickable. I will just explain it is to signal scroll down.\
{\listtext	5.	}Please change into paragraph in Services (I offer\'85) to: I offer a range of services aimed at enabling a positive birth experience and continuity of care in pregnancy, birth and beyond.\
{\listtext	6.	}Please edit Birth and Postnatal Doula:  Providing one-to-one emotional and practical support\
{\listtext	7.	}Please change BFI accredited Breastfeeding Counsellor to: Breastfeeding Counsellor\
{\listtext	8.	}And the Offering information\'85 to: Supporting parents in-person and on skype consultations, with specialist breastfeeding knowledge and training (accredited with BFI) [hyperlink to https://www.unicef.org.uk/babyfriendly/what-is-baby-friendly/] Separate page.\
{\listtext	9.	}Please edit Twins Maternity Nurse:  Nurturing and empowering families to make the best start possible on their twin-parenting journey (OFSTED registered)\
{\listtext	10.	}Please change \'91let\'92s start something\'92 button to:  Contact me to find out more\
{\listtext	11.	}Please change DID YOU KNOW? Intro text to: Doula involvement in pregnancy, birth and beyond has had these positive outcomes:\
{\listtext	12.	}I\'92m not sure why there is a dotted line box and text at the end of some of the lines of text\'85 (I will show pic at end, does seem weird)\
{\listtext	13.	}Please change mission statement text to: I aim to support women by upholding their birthing and parenting decisions, based on their personal circumstances and relevant information, to ensure the best possible outcomes for them.  This support will assist them to translate their hopes and desires into memorable, lived experiences.\
{\listtext	14.	}Change My Story to About Me\
{\listtext	15.	}Change About Me text (A mum to two\'85) to: I am a mum.  I am also a fully qualified Advanced Birth & Beyond practitioner (University of Worcester), with a background in nursing and complementary therapies, and have worked with families as a doula and childbirth educator since 2005.  I am committed to promoting and facilitating positive birth and parenting experiences.  This has motivated my continued research into practices and circumstances that impact birthing and early parenting experiences, including birth trauma and perinatal mental health.  Birthing approaches and resultant situations play an integral role in influencing early childhood development and infant-parent bonding.\
{\listtext	16.	}Below \'91about me\'92 para, please include another heading:  \'91Qualifications\'92 and list Record of Continuing Professional Development (currently on About page) here.\
{\listtext	17.	}Please change \'91more about mel\'92 to \'91my story\'92\
{\listtext	18.	}Please change random pull quote thingy (Working together\'85) to: Continuity of care enhances good health and wellbeing for everyone.\
{\listtext	19.	}Please replace the single testimonial on home page with the Dr\'92s testimonial: 
\f1\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We feel very fortunate that Mel was our doula and recommend her to anyone looking for a knowledgeable, reliable, friendly and positive support person for your antenatal, birth or post
\f2 \uc0\u8208 
\f1 natal care. \'96 Dr Pegine Walrad and Dr Robert Rothenberg\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
About Page\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\'85 I found her birth and early days an overwhelming\'85 (first line)\
{\listtext	2.	}\'85adjustment are, in the months leading up to the birth, and in the birthing process\'85 (last line of 1st para)\
{\listtext	3.	}\'85exciting \'96 sometimes overwhelming \'96 time in their lives. (Last line, last para)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Testimonials\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Replace intro text (I could not be\'85) with: It is an honour and a privilege to be invited to share in the precious time of preparing for birth and parenthood with parents.  Thank you to my valued clients for sharing your thoughts on my involvement in your preparation for all things birth and beyond!\
{\listtext	2.	}Please put Angela Holmes testimonial at the top, with her photo. (So I was wrong about the Olivers, photo belongs to Angela Holmes).\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Contact\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Change intro text (Send us a\'85) to: 
\f3\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Send me a message to set up a free appointment.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}Change email intro to: 
\f3\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Alternatively, email me at
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}